FF115 RTCRtpReceiver.jitterBufferTarget supported (#33198)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcrtpreceiver/jitterbuffertarget/index.md

The application can use it to influence the tradeoff between playout delay and the risk of running out of audio or video frames due to network jitter.

## Value

A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} that indicates the current jitter buffer target hold time, in milliseconds.

The value can be set to a positive value of no greater than 4000 milliseconds.

## Exceptions

- {{jsxref("RangeError")}}
  - : Thrown if the target is set to a negative value or a value that is greater than 4000 milliseconds.

## Description

The value of the attribute influences the amount of buffering done by the user agent, which in turn affects retransmissions and packet loss recovery.

Note that the attribute "influences" the jitter buffer target of the user agent, but does not directly set it.
The actual user agent jitter buffer target will vary between maximum and minimum allowed values that reflects a target range that the user agent can provide based on network conditions and memory constraints, and can change at any time.
The value returned by `jitterBufferTarget` is not affected by the actual target of the user agent.

> The change in average delay can be gradually observed over time by measuring the delta [`RTCInboundRtpStreamStats.jitterBufferDelay`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCInboundRtpStreamStats) divided by the delta [`RTCInboundRtpStreamStats.jitterBufferEmittedCount`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCInboundRtpStreamStats).

Author: Note, these two stats are not documented yet, so I have chosen to link to the parent doc.

> The change in average delay can be gradually observed over time by measuring the delta [`RTCInboundRtpStreamStats.jitterBufferDelay`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCInboundRtpStreamStats) divided by the delta [`RTCInboundRtpStreamStats.jitterBufferEmittedCount`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCInboundRtpStreamStats).

Reviewer: I was a bit confused with "delta" here (is it something an author should calculate?) and in fact in this section: https://www.w3.org/TR/webrtc-stats/#dom-rtcinboundrtpstreamstats-jitterbufferdelay

The spec says:

>The average jitter buffer delay can be calculated by dividing the [jitterBufferDelay](https://www.w3.org/TR/webrtc-stats/#dom-rtcinboundrtpstreamstats-jitterbufferdelay) with the [jitterBufferEmittedCount](https://www.w3.org/TR/webrtc-stats/#dom-rtcinboundrtpstreamstats-jitterbufferemittedcount).

Which seems simpler to me. What do you reckon?

Author: So the spec tells you how to calculate the average buffer delay, but this is talking about how you can observe the _change_ in the average buffer delay - in order to see the effect of changing the target jitter buffer delay value. The fact that you found this confusing means it is poorly written. Adjusting.

```suggestion
The average jitter buffer delay can be calculated by dividing the [`RTCInboundRtpStreamStats.jitterBufferDelay`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCInboundRtpStreamStats) by the [`RTCInboundRtpStreamStats.jitterBufferEmittedCount`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCInboundRtpStreamStats).
In order to observe the effects of modifying the jitter buffer target you can track the value of this average over time.
```
